Dataset Description
This data set contains information about 10,000 movies collected from The Movie Database (TMDb), including user ratings and revenue in a CSV file called 'tmdb-movies.csv'.

    - id                   >> A unique identifier for each movie.
    - imdb_id              >> A unique identifier for each movie on IMDB.
    - popularity           >> A numeric quantity specifying the movie popularity.
    - budget               >> The budget in which the movie was made.
    - revenue              >> The worldwide revenue generated by the movie.
    - original_title       >> The title of the movie before translation or adaptation.
    - cast                 >> The name of lead and supporting actors.
    - homepage             >> A link to the homepage of the movie.
    - director             >> the director of the movie
    - tagline              >> Movie's tagline.
    - keywords             >> The keywords or tags related to the movie.        
    - overview             >> A brief description of the movie.
    - run_time             >> Duration of the movie in minutes.
    - genre                >> The genre of the movie, Action, Comedy ,Thriller etc.
    - production_companies >> The production house of the movie.
    - runtime              >> The running time of the movie in minutes.
    - release_date         >> The date on which it was released.
    - vote_count           >> number of viewer that ratedthe movie.
    - vote_average         >> average ratings the movie recieved.
    - release_year         >> the year in which the movie released
    - budget_adj           >> shows the budget associated movie in terms of 2010 dollars.
    - revenue_adj          >> shows the revenue associated movie in terms of 2010 dollars.
Question(s) for Analysis

    - What's the relation between the budget and revenue
    - How dose the movies cost changed with the time
    - relationship between runtime and population (cost, revenue)
    - how does runtime changed with time
    - difference between number of movies released before and after 2000
    - what's the most popular month in which the movies released
    
    
    
    
